Add docs links for VNET data access (#86599)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-access-data.md

### Virtual network 

Azure Machine Learning requires additional configuration steps to communicate with a storage account that is behind a firewall or within a virtual network (VNET). If your storage account is behind a firewall, you can [allow list the IP address via the Azure portal](../storage/common/storage-network-security.md#managing-ip-network-rules) for your client's IP address.

Azure Machine Learning can receive requests from clients outside of the virtual network. To ensure that the entity requesting data from the service is safe and to enable data being displayed in your workspace, [use a private endpoint with your workspace](how-to-configure-private-link.md).

> **For Python SDK users**, to access your data via your training script on a compute target, the compute target needs to be inside the same virtual network and subnet of the storage. You can [leverage a compute cluster in the same VNET](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-secure-training-vnet?tabs=azure-studio%2Cipaddress#compute-cluster) or [leverage a compute instance in the same VNET](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-secure-training-vnet?tabs=azure-studio%2Cipaddress#compute-instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For Python SDK users**, to access your data via your training script on a compute target, the compute target needs to be inside the same virtual network and subnet of the storage. You can [leverage a compute cluster in the same VNET](how-to-secure-training-vnet.md#compute-cluster) or [leverage a compute instance in the same VNET](how-to-secure-training-vnet.md#compute-instance).
```
